All hail the power of Jesus Christ, Let angels worship him, Let angels worship him.
Let the glory of God, To God he hath rebelled, To God he hath rebelled.
His throne the temple is his throne, And crown him, crown him, crown him, crown him, crown him, crown him, and crown him Lord of all.
He hath rebelled, O Lord of all, Let the glory of God, To God he hath rebelled.
When you get to the part in English that says, My Calion, I crown him, sorry, you watch it, My Calion, as you do.
Fourth verse there.
For the angels heard his cry of love, I know that you are, I know that you are,
My Calion, I crown you, my Calion, my Calion, my Calion, my Calion, my Calion, my Calion.
Fourth verse there.